♫ You!  You are... ♫
♫ My heart beats and I can't say anything ♫
♫  I only look at you like this  ♫
♫ Only you!  You... ♫
♫ You!  You are... ♫
♫ With a fluttering heart, I will approach you ♫
♫ Open your heart a little bit to me ♫
♫ Only you... ♫
Stay awake.
Yes, we're almost there. Hang in there a bit longer.
Ma'am, you mustn't lose consciousness. Yes, please stay awake.
Focus! Okay, good. Now, push!
That's it!  Good, good! Okay, a bit more!
Now breathe.
Okay, one more time. Push!
Okay, one more big push. Keep going.
Oh my, how adorable.
Goodness, how adorable.
How can you be this cute?
Hari, the baby is so cute. Want to have a look?
Let's go over to mommy, baby. Mommy.
Mommy.  Mommy.
Mommy.
Mommy!
Hello, I'm 39. I don't have a man.
I didn't have one yesterday, I don't have one today, so it seems I won't have one tomorrow either.
A rare and unreachable destiny, love, to me
has become a miracle that doesn't happen by chance.
Could you show me a small miracle in the form of some hearty snacks,
so that I don't lose hope?
Ah, Ms. Jang Hari, it really feels like we're not strangers.
However, our Ms. Jang Hari, that small miracle you wanted so much has come true!
I'll shoot you a sugary snack box of confectioneries!
Ms. Jang Hari, 39, single.
And you've had sexual intercourse, correct?
Yes, by that time, the 2010 Vancouver Olympics—
If it was 10 years ago, that isn't the most recent, is it?
Ah, I kept going on blind dates but—
When did you have your period?
One month ago. Oh, it's about time for it.
My period cramps have gotten severe recently.
In the last month, it has been really painful to the point of making me faint.
I was even carried to the emergency room.
What were you doing not getting a check?
I was working day and night.
I don't really have much time today either, so could I just get a prescription for some painkillers,
and check my AMH levels. A blood test is sufficient, right?
We can find out your blood hormone concentration, the age of your ovaries, and the amount of eggs you have left.
Do you have a pregnancy plan?
When are you getting married?
I don't know when I'm going to get married.
Pregnancy is more urgent than marriage at my age. I'm going to keep my eggs frozen.
Storing the healthiest eggs with care, so that they'll stay lively until they can meet their match.
- Excuse me.
- Oh, my.
Me?
Yes?
Is there a pharmacy nearby?
Pharmacy...
It's over there.
I'm going to report you. Oh my, you... stay right there.
Hey! Goodness. Hey, you!
Hey!
Over here! Over here! Here! There's a psycho!
- Hey, over here!
- Hello?
Is this the police station?
[Episode 1 - If you ask why you can't get married]
Oh, Senior.
Senior, are you really going to freeze your eggs?
Why do you like kids? I'm sick and tired just from seeing them.
How could you not like kids? I even like just looking at them.
You're quite the rare woman. Who is even having kids these days?
If my husband asked to have kids, I wouldn't have gotten married.
How can you marry a man who won't have kids?
Oh, there it is.
Which one is better?
- This one
- Okay.
This is great.
Then why did you ask?
[Jambi Studio]
[the baby]
[My child's first social life]
- We've arrived. Hello, hello, hi.
- Hello.
Hello.
You're here.
Wow, it's Pororo!
Hi, Pororo!
Hi, friends. Hi.
Hello, Mr. Pororo.
Did you come with your friends?
You've been consistently receiving love for 17 years since your debut in 2003.
What do you think is the reason for that?
Ah.
How would you describe one of your own charms?
Ah. Is there any special reason why you do not take off the goggles?
[sang_0506 Han Isang]
I... I found him!
- Chief!
- Sang Hee, don't run! Don't run!
- Chief! I found him.
- You found him?
He's on Instagram.
That's him, right? Chief Yisang...
Yeah, it is Han Yisang.
So he came back to Korea.
What's he doing right now?
[13 Posts, 4 Followers, 0 Following]
[0 Following]
♫ Everyday, I find a light to make me shine ♫
♫  Even I have to wait a bit, it's all right ♫
♫  A sensation like falling in love  ♫
♫  Take me up to the stars ♫
♫  Oh, feeling raindrops in my hair ♫
♫ When they fall softly ♫
#Stargram I've never done this before...
[Greenday]
#Because I've never tried French embroidery before...
Because I've never tried a marathon before...
Because I've never tried bungee jumping before!
So what, he must be rich and has a lot of time. It must be fun.
It's good that he's enjoying life but
don't say anything weird to Hari.
Why?
I want to live.
Hello!
You're here
- Hello.
- Hi, how have you been?
Can I really enter? Hari is scary.
She'd flip out if she knew you were here.
But so what if she finds out? It's your house, not hers. Right?
Don't worry and do what you need to. Good luck to you.
Okay.
It's the perfect day to cause a ruckus.
[Heart Pounding Dance Aerobics]
You've worked hard, let's live properly now.
Eat real food and wear clean clothes.
Doah! Dad will now get you a special nanny.
My daughter, you've been through a lot.
Oh, so pretty!
Could our model be so full that she's sleeping?
Our Jiyool smiles a lot when she's full, right?
Smiling, smiling. Pretty!
She wants to play, so she's not taking a nap.
She only plays, eats, and sleeps.
Aw, you need to develop a habit of sleeping as you eat.
You sleep while mom breastfeeds you.
How did you know?
Babies who sleep after playing and eating are usually like that,
and you're drinking coffee.
Because you breastfeed for a long time and you can't sleep at night.
Do you even reason out child-rearing now? I'm about to get scared.
It's a big problem. I need to wean her off in the middle of the night.
If you write down Ji Yool's activity pattern, you will see what you need to fix.
Eat for an hour, play for two hours, and take a nap for two hours.
If you do it a few times regularly, you'll develop a child-rearing routine.
You should hurry up and get married, and have a baby
This is a nice house.
Wow. Because Han Yisang is having a comeback,
it's getting chaotic due to calls from magazines and advertisement companies.
You're forcing me to come back when I'm not done having fun yet.
Hey. You've had lots of fun for three years.
The photo shoot offer is with a top star. Are you letting it go?
Yes. I will.
- Why?
- You're tempting me to do it, so I won't.
It's not like you're going through puberty.
I'm even helping you move, so what's with you?
It's burdensome so please put that down.
To get your approval, I'm kissing up to you like this.
So just sign the contract. Are you going to?
No.
You have time to run a marathon but not answer my calls.
You have time to fly but none to meet me.
You have time to go to amusement parks but can't call me.
It seems that you have time to embroider but no time to meet me.
Oh!
Aunt!
I responded to the word "Aunt."
Did he just call you "aunt?"
He said I'm the same age as his youngest aunt.
How crazy. It's not even a restaurant "aunt."
Why aren't you doing anything, do something!
How can I? When I did it to myself?
I couldn't change my words after I got sober. He'll stop if he has common sense.
Did you come from an interview? I was at a business meeting.
I go to meetings alone these days.
I'm proud of you.
- What's wrong?
- Cramps.
Since I was ten years old, I did errands for my mom when she had her period.
My mom said a period isn't anything embarrassing. It's natural.
Does it hurt a lot?
It's okay, I'll do it.
Excuse me, we have someone with period cramps. Sorry, please let us on.
Careful, careful.
Sorry, she has period cramps.
We'll go on first, excuse me.
Careful, careful.
Are you okay? Are you in a lot of pain?
Lift your head. Are you okay?
What should we do?
Aunt, it's here!
Aunt, now's the time. We have to go!
We have to go, sorry!
Hold on just a moment.
What did my mom say?
My mom said it hurt a lot.
Just endure it for a bit, Deputy Head. What do you do for menstrual cramps?
- Oh, Aunt. We're here.
- Move!
So that's how much pain she's in.
Do you know her?
Ah. She's Deputy Head Jang Hari of "the baby."
He really can't take a hint.
He's going to call Senior an aunt forever.
[the baby Editing Department]
Hyojoo, come here.
Hyojoo.
What is this? Herbal medicine can treat infertility?
Did they say to write it like this?
Director Go asked for it to be emphasized because a herbal medicine treatment patent will be made.
Still, how can you just write down what they asked you to?
Let's not get sued. We're already a nuisance at this company as it is.
Then what should I do? It's the advertisement team's page.
I can't fight them because I'm a softie.
Soyeon.
[Dachae Media]
Department Head!
You scared me.
What is it? Why are you calling me so scarily?
Does Director Go's ad have to be put out like this?
It's written well. It has an amazing result for infertile treatment.
That's how they wanted it written.
You're doing this again just because it's not under your name.
If a complaint comes in, the journalist who writes the article and puts her name on the line will be the one responsible.
Seriously, why are you so inflexible?
We barely got that advertisement after I convinced them when they wanted to stop investment.
Please cooperate.
Although there are people who will see this and know it's an advertisement,
there are also readers who believe it.
In addition, it's infertility so imagine how desperate they would be.
If this is all fake, will you take responsibility?
Why would I take responsibility?
So I'll take responsibility and not publish it.
I really didn't want to do this but
since we're losing advertising money, unfortunately, I have to report this.
Okay, go ahead.
Yes?
- Deputy Manager Jang is removing the ad.
- What?
The advertisement for the Eastern Medicine Clinic, I—
Wait a second.
Deputy Jang, get up!
Get up, please get up.
Deputy Jang, you can't act like this because I've given you the favorite treatment a few times.
I'm doing this because I believe that.
Since you keep infringing on our editorial rights like it's nothing, I'm going to lay here
...like it's nothing.
Hey, I mean technically, you're not an editor-in-chief.
You're a... proxy editor.
That's why I'm laying here for Department Chief Shim right now.
Well, do you want to see him? Should I call her for you?
No, no, no.
Why would you call someone who just had a baby and is recovering?
Deputy Jang, the reason you can't get married is because you act out like this.
Oh my goodness. You made another inappropriate comment. If you keep it up, I'll really act out and end up hitting you.
Okay, I get it so get up and let's talk.
I'm getting rid of the article.
But since this is a matter that the Editing Department takes care of, they have to take responsibility.
Yes, I'll do that.
We're the department that impacts sales the most.
You don't have anything else to say, right?
No.
Goodbye.
Deputy Jang, a word, please.
Yes.
Ah, yes.
I have no intention of dating you.
I have a wife and kids.
I'm just happy to see you for the first time in a while.
I even prepared your favorite European liquor.
It's been a while since you've been at the studio, want to take a look around?
I saw it.
Okay.
Your vacation must've been nice.
What about work? You have to start again.
- Why?
- Just because!
Well, for you, even if you take a break for a while, you'll get a lot of work,
so I was wondering whether you needed to quickly find a studio.
It'll probably be hard to find a studio... Rent has gone up a lot!
You need new equipment, too!
I was trying to be considerate of you because as a whole, the situation here is not great.
If you make your studio... you know!
Wouldn't it be nice to share... with you?
I don't want to.
Oh yeah! Isn't Jang Hari at "the baby"?
Look at you... You even remember her name.
- So Yoon, how's the nose-picking going?
- I'm still picking.
Stop picking and lose. Hyojoo, what are you holding onto?
- A breast pump.
- Stop trying to pump and wrap it up. What about Yeonho?
I'm... almost done.
Yeah, it's time to stop fighting.
Senior, can't we take a break?
I'm so hungry I could die.
Shall we fill up with some food before we continue?
Was there anything aside from food? Like jewelry or clothes?
Do you know what kind of story I had to sell to feed you guys this food?
You must've seemed really pathetic since they bought it.
Our Soyoon has a talent for just hurting people without reason.
- With things like that?
- But Senior, why don't you have a man?
Your visual and your specs are so good. Are your standards too high?
Hey! Is that what you think of Senior?
Hey, she may look like this...
but she falls in love quick.
She'll just look at anyone and fall in love!
Oh gosh, I hate that.
Exactly, I'm a really easy woman, Right?
That time was the best. When she fell in love with the man in front of the studio in three seconds.
- How handsome was he?
- Hey.
He wasn't handsome.
That guy was crying.
♫ Don't say anything ♫
♫ Like fate, you're still with me ♫
♫ I only look at you ♫
♫ You, the only person who will approach me ♫
♫ When I get closer, you become painful like a dream moving far away ♫
♫ What should I do? ♫
♫ Do you see my heart for you? ♫
It was my first time seeing a guy cry.
A guy's tears can somehow open your heart.
♫ You, like a star  ♫
I thought she was a completely crazy woman.
She's not completely crazy.
You didn't see her gaze.
I don't want to see it.
I don't really like girls who chase.
So, did you try it with him?
He was crazy.
Enough about men. Children are the problem! What am I going to do?
I'll be 40 next year.
So hurry up and get married, so you can have a baby.
With who? How will she meet them?
Wait! Just join a marriage information agency.
I used to be a born-to-be married power couple VVIP.
Now, I hear from agencies for second marriages.
Guys, stop saying useless things and try to find a good looking, rich man.
A rich, single man would never date an older woman!
Right, right!
Choi Hyojoo.
It looks like you're not aware
but it's hard to meet even a regular guy.
Any decent guy over 30 that you can date is either someone else's man or he's dead.
Who gets married nowadays? Just keep living alone.
Yeah!
My friend doesn't date either.
She said that if she gets tied down by dating or marriage, she would look a little pathetic.
Then I'm behind on trends.
That is true. That generation doesn't understand.
- True.
- You're the worst.
No!
Maybe it's a problem to be hung up on marriage and having children.
I'm tired... I'm so tired.
Should I tell you something scary?
I'm your future.
- Why me?
- Why is she my future?
You're in big trouble now.
Let's see.
The new editor-in-chief isn't married, right?
She says she can sympathize with new mothers but I can tell she's single.
A single lady talking about childcare? What could she know?
If you're single, can you really be a reporter on childcare?
Women with children can't be reporters. They work overtime a lot and don't go home often.
Everything in the magazine is right... but try raising a child and see if it works.
Raising a child through writing and in real life are totally different.
There's no way you would know, you haven't raised a child.
Deputy Jang,
how would you like to move to Unique or The House?
You've been in "the baby" for too long.
If Department Head Shin comes back to work, when are you going to get a promotion?
Even if the editor-in-chief position is vacant, it would be hard for you.
You know, right? They don't let single women be editor-in-chief for "the baby."
Do you think I'll never get married?
- What?
- I want to have a child. If I meet someone, I'm going to hurry into it.
When is that?
Don't stay at an impossible childcare magazine.
Go where an editor-in-chief spot is guaranteed and get settled.
I'm saying this for your sake.
Hari doesn't come here often.
There's no reason you'll run into her!
Seriously...
Do you have a place?
I moved today. In Hangangdong near the park.
Hangangdong...
Park?
Of all places...
Hari's neighborhood.
- Hello.
- Welcome!
- Have you been well?
- Of course.
[Menu]
[Today's Anything, Owner's Choice]
What's "Owner's Choice"?
It's today's special menu. Mackerel gratin.
- It's not that fishy. Try it.
- Yes, of course.
- I'll bring it to you.
- Sounds tasty.
- How was it?
- It... was good.
- I enjoyed it.
- Yeah!
Okay... the mackerel gratin is here.
[Pororo Lightning Interview!!]
- Enjoy it.
- I will.
If you drink this, we're dating. Okay?
What if I don't drink it?
Then nothing happens between us.
Must be nice.
There you are!
[112]
Mom?
Hey, you!
- You're back?
- Whoa!
What are you doing here?
I moved here yesterday.
- Who moved in? To our house?
- Yeah.
Why would you? Who are you to be moving into my house?
I'm a new tenant here now.
What nonsense are you saying?
Did my mom let you come here?
Auntie asked to come and live here first.
I hadn't heard anything about this!
You must be tired. Let's have some breakfast.
That's all right, I don't need any food.
Hey! You've got to be kidding me. Get out!
I don't have anywhere else to go.
Did you lose your house to Seo Jungwon?
Are you joking? She was at fault. Why would I lose the house?
She insisted on paying back all the borrowed money, too.
At least she had a conscience. Terrible girl.
She was terrible... How could she do that to me?
You have no conscience.
How can you just chatter away at me, after turning up for the first time in five years,
while looking right at me as if this was nothing strange?
Then I'll talk without looking at you.
To be honest, it's because I don't think I can stand living alone with my kid.
Mom and Dad want me to return to the States.
Where?
You're all I have left, my friend.
After all this time,
after cutting me out of your life because Seo Jungwon said she hated me,
you come back acting as if nothing happened
because she left you.
My daughter Doha is in that room.
Have a look at her face, and then we can talk it over again.
Hi! So you're Doha. My goodness,
so cute!
Do you not wash your kid?
Kids are supposed to be messy when they eat. That's perfectly normal.
Why is her baby bottle so small?
If she's 8 months old, you have to get her one that's 240 ml!
How did you know she's 8 months old?
How did you end up with a dad like that? Right?
You poor little thing. Our poor little Doha.
Isn't my Doha super cute?
Yes. Since she's so cute, I'll give you a day. Pack up and leave by tomorrow.
Even if she's this cute? And just turned 8 months old?
We have nowhere to go.
Okay then. My deadline is by 2:00 a.m. You can leave Doha here, but get out before I'm back.
I'm going to report you; give me back my daughter.
Isn't that lady scary?
This is all because of you! Don't cry.
Mom, are you Jaeyoung's mom?
That poor thing is practically a beggar,
I didn't feel too good about his situation.
You only need to add one extra pair of chopsticks on the table,
and check if he's feeding his kid well.
I heard all Jaeyoung does is drink. Make sure he doesn't.
You can't even do that much?
Did he become a patient after he got divorced?
Why do we have to take care of him?
Okay, I'll send Jaeyoung out. You leave, too.
Why should I?
It's not your house, it's mine.
You think you're the homeowner, even though you're not even paying the rent?
Telling me to make the new tenant leave and whatnot. If you don't like it, you leave!
Are you really Jaeyoung's mom? Can you be like this to your daughter?
I would love to switch you for him.
Hang up now. I need to exercise.
A delivery plan?
[Year-long Delivery Plan for Infertile Couples]
Since infertility support is expanding, we can use the annual plan to work with infertile couples.
We can publish the entire process from treatment, to a successful pregnancy, and the birth of the baby.
It sounds good!
Then, for the pregnant woman's experience...
Our team leader had an idea for the pregnant woman's experience.
If you were to accept that,
I think it would be easier to convince the higher-ups.
What is it?
Expecting fathers say that they're sick of experiencing it themselves.
So if a reporter were to experience it themselves and provide a fresh perspective!
They even brought it up to me during the meeting.
Really...
Why would I?
Are you going to smile or not?
Why am I doing this just for some advertising money?
I will make sure to speak highly of you to your superiors.
Okay! Then, let's think of the baby inside your belly and smile?
Smile!
It's lightning. A bolt of lightning.
That's an aggressive nickname for your fetus.
I'm with child all of a sudden.
Then let's all of a sudden smile once.
Come on! Okay, come on!
Smile, please!
Smile! You can do it!
You can do it!
Smile!
Smile!  Perfect!
Did it come out well?
Okay, let's take a look.
It's fine, right?
- Right?
- I like the one before better.
Why?
Just leave it. I'll wear it out.
I have to do it right!
Is the studio okay? It looked like it'd be hard to get Sanghee.
He said he's sharing because of the rent.
- He mentioned Yisang...
- Who?
Why? How do you two know each other?
- We don't know each other.
- They went on a blind date.
You went on a blind date?
It wasn't really a blind date...
That man cursed her, deep into her heart.
I think she can't date because of that curse.
Why, now of all times, are you talking about that person?
I'm struggling so much I could die.
Stop. Smile.
I saw him once before but he looked normal.
He's a crazy bastard who looks normal.
It's that guy?
Han Yisang. He's the best photographer around right now.
He's two years older than you.
How should I put it? He looks like he has a story.
Oh no. Is it bad if he has a story?
Having a story at that age is nothing! I knew it. I could tell right away.
Do you think it'll be okay?
No one's perfect! He just can't be crazy.
Okay, then hold on just a minute. He just got back from an overseas shoot today,
so I haven't gotten the chance to speak with him yet.
- Stay here.
- Okay!
It looks like you've made up your mind!
Are you getting married next year?
If I think I found the right man, I have to latch on.
Yisang, that person I told you about before is over there.
Why is she acting like that?
It's because she is so innocent.
I told her I was going to introduce her to a really cool guy today.
I'm celibate.
Since when?
- Starting now.
- Why!
I should meet him for at least a year before marrying, right?
You haven't even met him yet!
I know! I can introduce myself today and then get married to him next year.
Why do I need to get married?
You get lonely living alone.
- Living alone is peaceful.
- How can you live without a family?
It's nice to have a husband who can be your friend your entire life and have two sons and two daughters together.
But since I'm getting old, I guess I will settle for just two kids.
In my life, there is no such thing as listening to my wife nagging.
I only have to support myself and I don't need to spend my personal time on a kid.
Oh, and I love to watch TV.
Okay, then go stare at him and try to catch his attention.
Be a good audience. "Oh my, really?" Show him good reactions.
Then touch him ever so slightly while you're at it.
Touch him? During our first encounter?
Senior, skinship is just the basics.
I had my first kiss with my husband using this technique on our first encounter.
Kiss?
But we aren't even in a loving relationship yet.
Why should you try so hard to get married anyway?
I can't be so old fashioned; it's disillusioning.
Am I part of a primitive tribe? Should I have children to preserve our people?
Okay!
Nevermind, let's not do this.
Wow, your arms are really... Great!
You must like snow.
I do, too.
- Where is the chief?
- Probably in the studio.
I heard you went to the same university as the chief?
Yes.
I'm Jang Hari, deputy-editor of "the baby" Magazine.
Nice to meet you.
You think it's nice to meet me? Me too.
With just one touch, I went as far as the first kiss with my husband.
I heard that you take some nice photos.
Is your specialty pictures for magazines, advertisements, or...
What are you doing?
I got such a good first impression from you when I saw you earlier.
- So what?
- What?
You have no fear. What if I'm a bad guy?
You are not a bad guy, though.
You don't look like a bad person. I could just tell.
You could just tell? Are you saying that you fell in love with me at first sight?
If you're going to say it's something like fate... that's even scarier.
Excuse me, I barely introduced myself.
What kind of introduction is so abrupt?
If you felt some type of way because of me, it's desires caused by your hormones.
Don't hypnotize yourself into thinking it was some fated romance.
Wait, excuse me!
You are saying that I implied I wanted to do something with you because of my desires?
You aren't that good-looking.
Hey, Jang Hari, let me give you some advice on our first meeting.
If you're lonely...
then get a pet dog.
I recognized him. I recognized a crazy bastard.
Are there any that have two stripes across?
No, we only have this design.
Or maybe something that has, like, a glossy look here,
and perhaps some embroidery, too?
Do you have anything like that?
No, we do not.
You don't have quite a lot of things.
That guy's totally a psychopath!
Right?
You shouldn't worry about it. He's quite successful, so he's probably setting up his own studio.
That's a relief.
Even if I meet him and he recognizes me,
I will act like I don't know him.
Oh no, I missed the chance to dodge him.
Get a pet dog instead.
Long time no see...
Oh my goodness.
[Moái Figures - Limited Edition Family Set]
What did he say? Did he recognize you?
No, I pretended not to recognize him first.
Ow.
Give me a moment.
Why are you acting like you're in pain all of a sudden?
Nevermind.
- Does it hurt again?
- Does it hurt a lot?
You guys can go first, I'll head to the company after I take some medications.
Give this to me.
Ow.
What's wrong with her?
It's her period.
Let's go.
It's okay. Get going.
Oh no, I think her water broke.
Oh no, you should go to the hospital.
No, it's okay!
I think she is having contractions. Should we call the ambulance?
No, she needs to go to the hospital she's used to!
Just wait a little. It's your first child, right?
No, that's not it.
Is it your second child?
Don't they come out quicker.
Yeah!
This is not a child.
It's your third child?
What are we going to do! She's in labor. She's in labor!
Let's go to the hospital!
No, wait.
Get the elevator!
It's a misunderstanding!
Why is it taking so long?
Let's take the escalator.
No, wait.
Come on!
Move out of the way!
She is going into labor!
Oh no!
What to do?
Hey! MIster!
(T/N: Literally means "uncle.")
Excuse me!
I'm not pregnant...
Sir! This woman is in labor, right now!
Are you okay?
Excuse us!
I'm not an uncle.
Just hang in there a little more!
Ouch!
Oh no!
Can you please let go of me?
Why are you doing this to me?
Please, let go!
- Hey, it's over—
- I'm telling you it's this way!
We parked on this side.
Where is it?
Where?
No, we parked over there.
No, we didn't!
Listen to me.
They all look the same.
Where is it?
Wait, I'll help.
Thank you!
What a relief!
Stay strong!
Good luck with delivering the baby!
- Which hospital?
- Why are you all doing this to me?
- Just wait a moment. I'll take you there quickly.
- No. It's fine.
You can do it!
Oh, it hurts.
Are you all right? Where should I go?
Over there... in front of the pharmacy.
I don't think we should... I'll go to the nearest hospital!
No, excuse me. It's fine.
Slow— Slowly.
Let go! Let go!
Excuse me. Excuse me.
She's exploding!
I told you I was fine.
Okay, okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Isn't she close to delivering the baby?
The doc will be here soon.
Stop. It hurts!
When did your contractions start?
I'm going to go crazy.
I'm going to lift this up really quickly.
No. You can't.
You cannot be like this.
Hey, you can't!
Oh, it hurts.
If it's this bad, isn't the child coming out?
Please prepare the ultrasound now!
Ultrasound? Why?
Guardian, one moment, please.
Guardian? I'm not her guardian.
When is her due date?
Jang Hari!
Where are you going?
Jang Hari.
Jang Hari, are you all right?
Please check her blood pressure.
I don't have any gauze.
It's here!
I'll be right back!
- Excuse me?
- I feel like it could be endometriosis.
Take a look here. There's a large build-up of tissue here around your ovary.
It looks like there would be a lot of pain because it's quite large.
Why did you endure this?
Is it really bad?
Well, it's fine if you get surgery.
But you got a test for the age of your ovaries because you wanted to freeze your eggs.
Our Jang Hari's ovaries' ages are...
40.
The truth is, after 35, your eggs release less often,
so we don't recommend freezing your eggs.
You should have done it in your twenties or early thirties.
If you're 39, it's too late.
Is it impossible?
It will be difficult for you to find a young, good man.
Even if you freeze your eggs,
you could be injured during the fertilization process.
Is there no solution?
For you, your chance of natural pregnancy is less than 7%.
Okay. If you're in your forties, the chance of natural pregnancy is less than 5%.
After 43, the success rate of a test tube pregnancy is less than 10%.
The chance of miscarriage before 10 weeks is 90%.
Then... can I never have a child?
Am I unable to have a child?
Pregnancy isn't easy in the first place but after endometrial surgery, for one year,
you will not be able to get pregnant during that recovery.
Every month, your fertility decreases but what do you think will happen after a year?
Pregnancy would be more difficult, right?
Oh.
I have to go to the pharmacy.
Senior, where are you? Why aren't you coming?
Oh, this is...
I'm not sure.
She would have brought clothes from the office.
This... This is my...
[Shoes for our baby to only walk on flowery paths, bottles for our baby to grow quickly, bottles to make our baby healthier]
[Shoes for when our baby takes its first steps, our baby's pacifier, our baby's pretty pacifier]
♫ Like the stars, ♫
♫ your name enters my heart ♫
♫ I try calling it one last time ♫
♫ I'm still with you, in the same moment ♫
♫ I'm still with you, I want to stay by your side ♫
♫ Goodbye, all my painful days  ♫
[My dreams]
♫ Goodbye, all my lonely days ♫
Here, enjoy your food.
Okay.
You know, even the smartest person in the world
can't beat a happy person.
It's because becoming happy is the hardest thing to do.
I want you to be happy, Hari.
[Mom]
Mom?
The happiest person is a mom. Moms always smile when they see their baby.
All the kids like you, Mom.
My dream is to become a mom.
[Mom]
♫ I look around one last time ♫
♫ I'm still with you, in the same moment ♫
Jang Hari, what are you doing here?
I'm looking for the pharmacy right now.
This can't be the end.
Why do I feel like everything is over?
Do you want to marry me?
♫ I'm still with you, in the same moment  ♫
♫ I'm still with you, I want to stay by your side ♫
♫ Goodbye, all my painful days ♫
♫ Goodbye, all my lonely days  ♫
♫ Goodbye ♫
♫ Goodbye, all my lonely days ♫
[Oh My Baby]
Now that I am at the brink of 40, I realize I can't date or marry as I wish.
Jaeyoung, can you pester her a bit?
Who knows, maybe you guys can marry each other.
I don't think I can do that. That's our fate.
Should I set you up with a guy, as repayment for the gift?
You man will show up. Don't look around the wrong places.
Find someone near you.
Jang Hari!
You said... I would fall for you.